The Joe Rogan experience.
The other thing that's coming out tomorrow is a tape where apparently Rudy
Giuliani tries to a 15 year old, allegedly, allegedly,
allegedly, allegedly what's funny is like, apparently his take on it.
And again, he's older than us.
So his memory is probably terrible because it happened quite a while ago,
but they filmed this,
his take on it was that he was proud that they didn't get him the way they've
got other people. And the article that I was reading last night, it was it's.
The death of journalism is so apparent when you read
articles and then you see the actual thing and you go,
what the did you just write? Because this is not what it is, right?
This is like, these takes on things that are so it's, it's,
it's,
there's so much hyperbole and there's some was exaggeration and bias until we
watch it. We won't be able to know.
Yeah. So I'm, you know, I'm mixed up tomorrow, but you know,
you have me at bhorat so.
Barrettes. Yeah. I mean, listen,
I still think Ali G into house is one of the most underrated comedy
films of all time. Especially if you like weed,
I wouldn't recommend it this month, sober October,
but when sober October is over ology in the house,
I actually bought a UK version of a VHS player because
it was only available on VHS from the UK. Okay.
Was it VHS or DVD?
You talking about the actual allergy series? No, it was a movie.
Okay. Oh yeah. That one too. But a movie, but even,
even the series was available for a long time. I had to like do the conversion.
Yeah.
You're right, Brian. It was a DVD and it was an all regions.
I'd buy an all regions player. And um,
because like players were limited to like certain region. It was really weird.
I don't have that to do you know what the science behind it is?
Uh, it was different frequencies.
I think it was Powell versus H or NTSC and TSC or some of them were
universal. They play everything. Yeah.
Some of the cheaper ones that you could buy,
like at Fry's had like a secret like menu, you could switch it back and forth.
Yeah. That was the key. The key, right? It was like a cheaper one. Yeah. Yeah.
So I had to buy one. I bought,
literally bought a DVD player specifically for this film.
Me and Eddie Bravo got barbecued and we watched this and could not stop
laughing. It's a hilarious movie. It's really ridiculous.
So apparently that, that comes out tomorrow.
And Rudy Giuliani is allegedly trying to a 15 year old,
but it wasn't really a 15 year old. She was in her twenties playing 15 year old.
He goes, really Gilan speaks out about, on Bora to controversy calls it,
hit job over a hunter Biden campaign.
But how could it be a hip hop over the a hundred binding campaign if they shot
it in July, bro.
There's no logic to it. Right. It's just, they're just trying to cover it.
I think they have to say that. I want to know what the girl looked like,
because they said she was playing a girl was 15, but I believe she's like 25.
Something like that. How old is the gal? Here's the,
oh, that's it was here. It does pants. Oh, Jesus Christ.
Looking for hunter Biden's laptop in there somewhere.
I guess he was saying he was tucking in his shirt, but.
Why would he do that? Imagine if that was him in your room, lying on the bed.
You'd be like, Hey man, what are you doing? Unless like,
you'd have to be a good friend. Yeah. They were so comfortable.
They could lie on their bed and adjust their balls, you know?
But if you just met a person and you're lying in the bed with the hand on the
Johnson with does he have sunglasses on too? It looks like he's on Coke.
He's he's gotta.
Be, he's probably smoking, smoking Coke. He's on Viagra.
And this girl is touching him too. She's checking.
Off his microphone internally because she's you didn't.
Have the wire tuck. Cause they do talk them down your pants. That is true. Yeah.
I would like to see the film, the footage of it. We're gonna tomorrow.
Because if that that's the only thing that does make sense in his defense.
Like if,
cause sometimes they put those things down your pants and you do got to get in
there to get the wire out if he's taking the microphone off.
Yeah.
I don't know. Also I don't want to get your mind back here.
Like drop it down my jacket and put it on the back here.
I don't know why he's putting it in his pants. That's true. That's true too.
Yeah. Why would you have it in there? He.
Might've had it in the front pocket so he could sit down. Um,
they often do that.
They'll put the mic in your front pocket as opposed to in your back the
backyard. Cause if you sit down on a chair that think digs into your back,
I've had it in my front pocket before. But the thing is like the gal.
See they're.
Being pretty good about not showing their, her not showing her. Yeah.
I want to know like,
did he know that she was supposed to be 15 or did he just think she was a girl?
Here's the thing. If, if, if she is in her twenties and this is all speculation,
right? If she is in her twenties and she's beautiful,
the problem is he's gross and he's old and a beautiful girl. If she was,
and we would have to see the footage, but if she was being flirtatious,
like he's, he's helpless. He's under a spell,
like, uh, an old up look a dude like that. If he thinks like, oh my God,
this might like that.
Might've been the last time I'm going to have a heart attack tonight. Yeah.
Then a gal who's an attractive young gal decides to.
Uh, but I'd do it in his lawyer. I do it in his position.
Has to know that that's coming, that.
You gotta set up is coming, uh, set ups coming. Maybe not anymore.
Maybe he forgot like he's old dude. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I mean,
you gotta think. Not only that,
but he's been under this tremendous stress of being a top lawyer for the,
the most up administration in the history of the United States.
So it's like the, just the legal he's been battling back and forth. Yeah.
It's a show. It's a show his brains probably hosed.
And he's probably in this hotel room going,
oh this is versus throwing me a bone. Oh yes.
Yes it is. Oh yes. Big old bone.
Just not for you to chew on. It's.
Never stopped. It just never stops.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.